Publish release schedule (#1693)
grafana/mimir: RELEASE.md

This document describes the Mimir release process as well as release shepherd responsibilities. Release shepherds are chosen on a voluntary basis.

## Release schedule

> A new Grafana Mimir release is cut about every 6 weeks. The following table shows the past releases and tenantive date for upcoming ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Grafana Mimir release is cut approximately every 6 weeks. The following table contains past releases and tentative dates for upcoming releases:
```

| Version | Date       | Release shepherd  |
| ------- | ---------- | ----------------- |

> | 2.0.0   | 2022-03-20 | Marco Pracucci    |
> | 2.1.0   | 2022-05-16 | _To be announced_ |
> | 2.2.0   | 2022-06-27 | _To be announced_ |
> | 2.3.0   | 2022-08-08 | _To be announced_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2.3.0 | 2022-08-08 | _To be announced_ |
| 2.2.0 | 2022-06-27 | _To be announced_ |
| 2.1.0 | 2022-05-16 | _To be announced_ |
| 2.0.0 | 2022-03-20 | Marco Pracucci |
```
Optional feedback to put the most current on top to eliminate scrolling over time.

Author: I would prefer to keep it in cronological order.
